Add onNodeChange hook (#1316)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **type**: any
- **description**: receives all values defined in the node configuration. It allows you to define a permission checker function that gets executed on every node. If it returns `false`, Luigi removes the node and its children from the navigation structure. See [angular navigation.js](../test/e2e-test-application/src/luigi-config/extended/navigation.js) for an example.

### onNodeChange
- **type**: function

> - **description**: gives possibility to invoke and execute specific function on the global level when a request to navigate to the node occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: allows you to invoke and execute a specific function on the global level when a request to navigate to the node occurs.
```

> - **description**: allows you to invoke and execute a specific function on the global level when a request to navigate to the node occurs. As input parameters, the function receives two node objects, previous node and current node, as they described in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: allows you to invoke and execute a specific function on the global level when a request to navigate to the node occurs. The function receives two node objects as input parameters: the previous node and current node, as described in the configuration. 
```
